[datadog_dashboard_v2] Validate widget queries during plan (#4063)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/dashboard_v2.md

- `template_variable` (Block List) The list of template variables for this dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template_variable))
- `template_variable_preset` (Block List) The list of selectable template variable presets for this dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template_variable_preset))
- `url` (String) The URL of the dashboard.

> - `validate` (Boolean) Whether to send widgets to the Datadog API to validate widget configuration and query values during `terraform plan`. Defaults to `true`. Setting this to `false` skips only the Datadog API validation; local Terraform schema and conflicting-field checks still run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `validate` (Boolean) Whether to send widgets to the Datadog API to validate widget configuration and query values during `terraform plan`. Defaults to `true`. Setting this to `false` skips only the Datadog API validation; local Terraform schema and checks for conflicting fields still run.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated the schema description to use this wording and regenerated the dashboard_v2 documentation in 2309a95e.
